Okay, now I have to say we talked a little bit before we hit record. We don't normally do that. It's a new thing
We're trying a little spike. Can you feel the difference audience? Can you feel that much more prepared? We are so prepared and organized
It's 10/20 where America begins. It's funny that East coasters probably have the best claim to that but West coasters think they have the most important
time zone. Do West coasters think their time zone is the real time zone? Yes. Is that a thing? Oh, for sure. How can they feel that way when when they
wake up? Everything has already happened. You know, it's like they wake up and like people are almost done with their day on the East coast. Not
almost done, but it's like lunchtime. I just there was a guy I worked with long, long ago that I based all of my opinions
of this on, but he would get up at like 9 a.m. Pacific. And you know me, I'm an early, early riser, central time. Oh, I see. And he'd be like,
Well, just getting ready for the day here. Let's and like he kind of say things that we're just like, assuming it's like the
beginning of my day and it's like, No, really, it's not. Yeah, I don't know that that just rubbed me a certain way. And I guess I've
decided all West coasters are that guy. No, I think it's a very weak claim because like I was talking about Cloudflare stock. They don't
even know. They don't even know yet. They don't even know that the Cloudflare stock is up 15%. They're like going to find out when they
wake up. So you like you just naturally feel like you're behind and you can't feel like this is the real time. Yeah, it's
720 on the West coast right now. I feel like the people who care about Cloudflare stock within a Cloudflare. It's fair. I mean,
Cloudflare employees in California might not know. Yeah, sure. That's true. They're portfolio is way up. Because Cloudflare is a
public company and everyone knows that we can talk about our first topic, which is, I guess we're going to call it
doge department of governmental efficiency. There's just no way it's not supposed to be pronounced doge right because of the
cryptocurrency. That's my guess. I mean, history with the doge cryptocurrency, right? Yeah, I think you're right. So what's the
deal? So is Elon like officially like a member of Trump's cabinet? What is the deal? I don't understand? No, he is it's really, I
think there's so much question around what the legality around this stuff is. But just completely in theory, the president is
allowed to have an advisor. And he's allowed to say, Hey, advisor, go look into this and give me recommendations. That's
like, I don't think there's any literally illegal about that. Sure. Yeah, I guess I wasn't implying anything was illegal. I
just trying to understand like, what is the relationship here? Yeah, I think people are like kind of confused about about
that. So you can look at it that way. But then if you just automatically say yes to everything the advisor suggests, like,
yeah, they're an advisor and you technically have final call. But you can see how there's a spectrum on how much
influence the advisor has. I'm not saying that that's what's happening. But yeah, sure. That's the potential for, you
know, something kind of corrupt to happen. But but this those thing is not just an idea, right? It's like an actual
like committee that's like cleaning up the government or something. Yeah. So basically, I think from what I
understand, Elon just tapped just people that like when you're at his thighs or like relevance, you just have a set of
people that you can just tap to work on anything. It's had a bunch of people and they're just there like doing one
stuff. Obviously, there's a lot of friction because they're going into department and asking questions and the
departments don't like, you know, naturally, there's friction, of course, if there's going to be. And I think there's a
lot of flurry because they've been posting a lot of, can you believe the government is doing XYZ or spending money on XYZ
things? And they tend to be things that are really flashy and attention grabbing and like maybe even a little
misleading. And so there's a lot of commotion around it because it's generally a lot of attention. Like, can you believe
you spent XYZ and whatever? But it's that's fair. There's definitely a lot of waste in that category. But they're kind of just going
after stuff that's really small in the grand scheme of things. Like everything that they've listed, it doesn't really add up to
anything monumental, but it is stuff that that makes headlines. And some of it has also been a little bit misleading. It's been
the thing that I've really been thinking about is I know this thing with the internet, it making it hard to understand what's
true or not has been a thing. I feel like it's finally gotten to a level where even me, someone that's like pretty like
internet savvy and like thinks about these things, even I'm having trouble understanding like what's true and what's not
like, there's such compelling quote unquote facts everywhere. And the stuff that sounds so real to me that I've either found
out isn't and I didn't that this wasn't happening to me five years ago. Like, when stuff was fake, it was obviously fake.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that that does sum up that I had so many thoughts and you helped me think
about the overriding thought and feeling I have, which is I don't like both sides. I dislike the tech bro angle of this where
like, I feel like Elon and his crew were like, we could figure this out. We figured out tech. Like, how hard is
government? I just I know that angle of it. And that bothers me because it's like, I do feel like they could easily get
in over their head. And it's like, they don't really understand what they're doing. But then on the other side, it bothers me
when people are just like, criticizing that size. Yeah, exactly. Somehow I'm not happy with either side. Because I do think
like, if you take stock, if you step back with X slash Twitter, and like assess objectively, how did it go? Elon cut
70% of the staff, everyone was up in arms and like, they're gonna crash and burn. It didn't crash and burn. I don't know, I don't
know anything about excess financial situation. But technically, it's running, it's running fine. There's some pick ups along
the way. But like, would you call that a success? Did he do a good job of taking Twitter and making it more efficient?
I think there's been, I think, I think the side of people that are like, it's gonna, it's gonna like go offline in three
months, there's definitely a whole contingent of like, quote unquote expert people saying that. I think that's definitely like
disproven. And like, obviously, all of these big tech companies are bloated, especially in that time. So in a lot of ways, that
was a easy part, because the people saying that was gonna, that was not gonna work out, we're just so wrong. So I'm not
surprised that that power worked out. In terms of the health of the business, I think it could be in a much better
place. I think he just done a lot of stuff that's been pretty chaotic that hasn't been that helpful. I don't think he does
well with areas of high complexity. I think he's very good at dealing with singular mission, it's extremely complicated to
get there and requires doing stuff that no one's done before. But I really straight forward get to Mars. There's no
question on did we do it? Did we kind of do it? You know, it's just like, just get to Mars? Yeah, I think he's great for
that kind of thing. I think when it comes to stuff that's like really complicated, like social media dynamics and like how
one little change can trigger all these like emergent properties across like millions of people. I don't think he's like the
person that I think that like naturally fits his way of fits the scale set, I guess. It's me too. That's how I am. I feel like if you
tell me like, if I have a feedback loop and you tell me like, get to this state, I feel like that's what I will kill
myself to get to to my detriment. But if it's like a bunch of complex decisions and all this stuff, no, no, thank you. I
just want to be a hammer on a nail. Interesting. I think I agree with you. I think the thing that I I feel is we can't keep
going without cutting. And then the government like we're just increasingly in a bad space or debt is going higher and
at some point, you need some kind of action like this. So I think that makes sense. I think the detail here is the
government is not supposed to be efficient. I think it needs to be a lot more efficient. But the whole point is is it's
servicing things that cannot that like the private market doesn't handle well. So the reason private markets handle well is
because you can't do it efficiently or like profitably or like whatever. So there's a lot of things worth investing in with
whatever excess capital we have to like fix certain areas that that you know that have these gaps. So I think infinite
efficiency isn't the goal of government. Yeah, like that's not the reason why we have that. And the other thing is there's
also areas that are that do provide ROI that are maybe like too risky for the private market to tap into that do end up
providing like a good ROI. And I think that government does service that just through like wide scatter shot approach of funding
certain things. So yeah, I think this is the reason this this discussion is annoying. It's like, as always being framed as
Oh, you're for efficiency or you're for like protecting the status quo of what's what's there. But it's not it's not really
that I think it's a I'm down for disruption. I'm down for all of this. But yeah, it's just a little sketchy when it's
happening in areas of life where you know, we don't want as much chaos. Like I'm down for a company to just literally
implode and reinvent itself. That's how that's great. Capital markets work. Yeah. Yeah. Capital. I'm just not as down for that in the
government. But at the same time, like something needs to happen. And maybe this, you know, this is just what that is. I personally
think what is going to happen is there's going to be a bunch of energy around this for one, two, three months. And they're
going to have all these great headlines. They're like, we cut 10 million to Vietnam for funding plays about lizards. Right.
It's literally stuff like that. They're like finding stuff that's just so ridiculous. Yeah. And they're posting that. So everyone's
like, wow, like we're cutting all this waste. And it's like so bad. I think they're going to move on. I think they're going to get
bored. They're going to get bored. No, no, no. And they're going to mark us as a victory. So that's my expectation. But what you said
something about are the debt. So the whole reason efficiency matters at all is that we keep spending more money than we
make. Like America has this national debt. And you always hear about the number. But is there like actually any consequences
that number? What are the consequences that number? Because it's gotten so much bigger over our lifetime.
Theoretically, there might be a comp like a consequence at some point, but it's so complicated because we can just print money to
service the interest on the debt keeps growing, right? Yeah, because like we can borrow money and then we can not pay down the
principal or just keep paying the interest every year. And we borrow it from the treasury, which is not the government. Right? Sorry,
this is probably really basic stuff. But I never learned this. I am going to have trouble remembering this. I did understand
it's at one point, but it's just kind of complicated. It's easy to forget. I think it's stuff like they're like for social security. It's
like we'll borrow money from. Yeah, I don't remember. I'm not going to try to explain it. But yeah, it's fine. But it's not just that
like we also borrow money from other countries like we sell. We sell instruments that anyone can buy.
Treasuries debt. Yeah. And then we. Yeah. So obviously this keeps growing and growing and printing money is okay. The reason it's
kind of okay is let me try to explain it in a way that's maybe simple. I appreciate that. If you are an economy that can produce, I'm going
to go back to my old example, 100 apples a year. Okay. And through efficiency gains, you now are able to produce 200 apples a year. You can
technically double your money supply without anyone noticing. Okay, because if the price of an apple is $1 per apple. In the first
case, when you double a supply, assuming demand doesn't go up, it's not 50 cents. If you give everyone twice amount of money, it still
stays at a dollar. But you have like more money and circulation that you can now just spend inject wherever you want. Yeah. Okay. So in a lot of ways, money
printing is it's kind of like stealing the efficiency gains that a country has or like any kind of group of people has and like deciding to
like inject money in somewhere else. So governments that with economies that grow always have the opportunity to do this kind of thing to some degree. If your economy
stops growing, and then you start printing money, sorry, if your economy stops growing, you're still printing money. That's when you see inflation. Okay. And it's arguably not good to also capture 100% of that growth for this purpose. Because like a top down government is not going to invest that in in the right place all the time.
Okay. That's roughly why printing money is okay. And so it's a lot more complicated than this, but it's like this kind of dynamic that allows for all this to to even be a thing. So the effect of the debt growing too large, we would see that in the form of inflation.
Yeah. Okay. Because because of money where printing can't be absorbed by these efficiency gains that the economy. Yeah. So the thing I described going from producing 100 apples to 200 apples, it's deflate. It's called it's deflationary.
Because it's a yeah, reducing the price of a good. So printing money is the opposite. It's inflationary. So you can try to cancel them out. Got it. Okay. So it's not like a geopolitical thing. I don't know for some reason, I thought the national debt couldn't get too high or some bad thing would happen with our status in the world.
I think it is related because if we keep printing money in the value, the dollar goes down. Then everyone's like, I'm not going to keep working in dollars or like borrowing dollars or like lending out dollars.
So our ability to even do this type of thing, we can just corrode. Right. I mean, it's actually, you can think about it. Like, let's say I lend you $1,000 and I'm like, in 10 years, you're going to give me $2,000. Right.
But you do some action that makes it so the dollar is worth nothing. And then you pay me $2,000 and I'm like, you fucking screwed me.
You're welcome. Here's your $2,000. That's another mechanic that exists here that. Yeah. So again, this stuff is extraordinarily complicated and I'm dumbing it down. Now imagine it.
At government scale, at like millions of people looking for little schemes and optimizations and all the complexity of the world. So yeah, it's, it's crazy.
Okay. Point is, this is maybe not sustainable to do to be increasing our debt this much forever and to be fair, the big jump. I think the, I think how I feel is it jumped because of COVID.
Like all of our numbers jumped because of COVID. But now we're treating it like that's normal and we're continuing to be at that level.
Why did they, yeah, why is it obvious why they jumped because of COVID?
Because we just spent more during COVID. We had to, for all the different things we had to do to simulate the economy to like, you know, make sure people.
Yeah, it's just a wave. Yeah. But that's just made, that's just kind of like,
like it's hard to rain stuff back in, right? So that's why I agree, something needs to happen. But interesting. Okay, that's as much as I can talk about whatever that subject was without my brain hurting.
Let's talk about other things. What's what's going on in the world of tech, a cloud player. We're going to talk about a cloud player.
I don't know. I think my clients. Let's just talk about the stock went up. You know that I am very happy. My portfolios have heights ever been in my life.
Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. I feel good. Oh, yeah. Oh, three mini. Have you used it yet? Oh, yeah, it was human. Oh, yeah, I did want to talk about this.
So a cloud is upsetting me and I just abandoned ship on open AI. As soon as I started using cloud, now I feel like you switch back to open AI.
So I'm going to do that probably. It could you explain to me? Oh, three many. Because I guess, Oh, three many when I hear many, I think, Oh, it's not a very good one.
Yeah, but that's oh three. And it was a one like, oh, one pro and now they have a three mini. So a three mini is better than a one pro, but not as good as it could be because it's still the mini version.
Yeah, it's crazy. What? Why is this naming thing so hard? I've heard multiple runners of frontier model companies, like CEOs say naming is hard.
Why? Why is it any harder than name? I mean, naming is always hard, but like, why is this so hard?
I think the issue is in naming. I think it's just that they're trying so many different approaches and they're not like, Oh, this new approach just eclipses a previous approach.
It's like the new approach is really good. But then for other situations, a previous approach is still good. So let's keep both around. So now we need different names and it's just just alphabet, just go like alpha, beta, gamma, delta, whatever, just use like an alphabet.
It gets confusing because then it's like, Oh, but then the new one we did is actually a different take on the approach we did with the second model.
See, that's where they go wrong. I think they're trying to like tie it to the previous thing with like remix tags and like mini and all this stuff.
I think that's where it gets confusing to me. Just number them model three, model four, five, et cetera.
Yeah, but then how do you communicate like the true like next generation? You know, it's okay.
The root problem isn't the naming. It's just, it's a clusterfuck of a product.
Yeah, the way they're making these things that it's like, it's not an easy thing to get your head around.
Yeah, and community. So, uh, they switch out to the launch. Oh, they're many. I was telling you that I stopped using Claude just because like,
honestly, it's not what everyone else says. Like the limits and stuff like that. For some reason, I like,
I think I use AI good amount. I don't, I don't think I ran to them that much. Just the app UX was just like killing me. Like they,
they kept doing these little things that made it annoying. They added,
they, they moved a button that I would always click or like they, they made it. So like, if you like, mouse towards the button,
you would go over something else, which would cause like a thing to pop up with the layout shift with where I was trying to click.
And that would like open up some like Google drive shit. And I kept accidentally clicking it and it was just, it was driving me nuts.
So that bothered me and that post I had where Claude was like, just kidding.
Oh, yeah. I was like, those two, those two combined. I'm like, I still think Claude is probably the best for coding. But that just annoyed me.
And then the three mini stuff came out. So I said, I try it. It's very good. It's like their new, it's their new reasoning model. And it,
it returns fast, which is not what 01 and 01 pro do. Okay. So I've been having a good time with it, especially giving it more challenging things.
I think it does a really good because I think the idea of reasoning models is they like, take the prompt and like inject a bunch of prompt steps around it.
So it's almost like the AI is first going to talk to itself and think about what it should do and do it.
Like lays out a plan. Is that kind of like the benefits of agents or not?
I don't think so. I think the word agent is weird because all that all on agent means is an app that's using an LM.
Yeah. Okay. True. Yeah. So they actually show you the chain of thought now. Like you can see everything that's that is thinking and it's pretty interesting to see that.
And sometimes as it's thinking, it actually gives you the answer. So I find it good. I find it to be pretty fast. It's not the fastest, but it's pretty fast.
So that's my current thing that I'm using. Google finally launched a competitive model.
To all of these, I think they're calling it Gemini Flash. Okay. Google Gemini. Competitive, you mean to this generation? Like, yeah. What models are in this generation? So there's three many. What's the comparable like cloud? Is it just on 3.5?
So all the old ones are reasoning models, but they're all built roughly on this same base model, which is 4.0, I think. I think that 4.0. Like that 4 series.
Oh, I didn't know this. That's all just post training differences.
Look how smart I am. It's almost just like technique. Like you're like invoking the LM differences. I would say you killed my smartness. Okay, fine.
I mean, I'm sure that there's definitely that too. Yeah. And then there's a so like in terms of like the best models out there, there's some class of them. I think Google now has an entry in that and it is dirt cheap.
It is so so cheap. Gemini Flash. And it's like Gemini Flash 2.0. Again, these names are crazy. Yeah. Flash makes you think it's like less capable, but fast, but I think it's
that's not what it means. It's just a normal model, but they have like a flash mini or something that's supposed to be fast.
Are all the do you just use all these in the browser? You just use open AI in the browser. Do they have like a native app or something?
I finally set up a vante for NeoVin. A vante. I heard you say this. So you actually do this from within NeoVin.
So I just set up this past week and it's like the cursor like experience. And I think that's actually still wide up to cloud just because it's a key I had in my environment.
And yeah, I find to be a pretty good experience. And then I use it in the browser for stuff that doesn't make sense to ask on the other.
Sorry, I'm actually just signing back up for open AI because I got to start using this one. I got to see what the reasoning, the chain of thought, all this stuff is about everyone just talks about this.
Yeah, Claude, I'm going to cancel. Claude, it's bothering me. It's bothering me. Not like that I hit the daily limit. It's just how often they default to concise.
And then today it just it literally won't give me responses. It says it can't do to unprecedented volume or something. I don't know. So everybody just stopped using these things. So I can use them. I don't know.
But why is this product different than any other products? I feel like people figured out how to scale software a long time ago. What's with all the limits and stuff? I don't understand it.
I think it's entirely a it's the battle between growth and retention in the company because there's a physical asset here that needs to go to grow, which is new, which is new, like making their models better and research.
But then those same GPUs need to be used for inference for for the actual product. So what percentage you allocate to growth? What percentage you allocate to inference? I would almost allocate nothing to inference.
You would because like what's a what's a point of getting users if you ultimately lose a bigger battle? Yeah, you're real big into this. This has come up in the last 48 hours, 24 hours all about that top top of the funnel growth, not about the retention.
Yeah. So you can't do nothing because then you're not a player, but I can see how it's a very annoying situation to be in. Yeah. Okay. This this I'm feeling anxiety feeling overwhelmed.
Me too. And I don't get overwhelmed about like new framework releases or like felt five comes out. I don't care. Like I don't get overwhelmed about that stuff.
This is overwhelming just because I need like one website, one page. Someone make this if it doesn't exist or send it to me DM me. I'm sure this exists. I need one page I can go to that just shows like it's kind of like the can I use site, like where like the middle row is like all the latest models from all the different providers.
And then like all the different other releases kind of like compared and like, you know what I mean? Like where they're all sorted accordingly. So I can know like if I'm using this one, it's on par with all these other ones.
And it doesn't even have to tell me what they're good at. I just want to know what is the latest model from all the companies. That's basically what I'm saying. Yeah. Well, should I be using it? What am I options? Yeah. What are my options? Because then I just remember the deep seek thing.
I just I want the I want to just have a good workflow in my local setup. And I guess the model can be swapped out most of these tools like a font. They probably let you just swap out any model, right?
I just I wanted to settle down. I want to like get into a groove and I'm not getting in a groove. So all my tools keep changing. I feel like my I says a while ago that I don't think being a model building business is going to be good.
And so far, what I'm seeing is exactly that because there's just infinite stuff and churn and they're all basically the same. I mean, they're not really like jumping out from each other and they're all just going to spend so much money.
Trying to get to these next levels, but they're all going to get there to the same levels. What's the differentiator? It's just it's just kind of confusing because Claude had I was looking at some market share thing about like, I think it was more like B2B API usage like Claude has a crazy amount.
Compared to everyone else. Oh, really? Yeah, which is kind of surprising. So then he may be thinking, I mean, that's why they don't care about the B2C stuff because they're maybe more focused on that side.
I still believe the big incumbents are going to move so slow and it's not going to matter. They're just going to end up winning. Like again, Google, like literally years later after bending the technology is now coming out with a model that kind of works.
I remember saying like Google, how is Google getting beat at this? They're not even doing anything. Now here they are.
Yeah, I will say, I think Google's an exception. They're the incumbent that can that just always fails to expand their business. Like somehow they just somehow always just fail to do it, but they have a model that's here.
And it's like I said, it's so cheap. It's getting to the point where we have this issues, product SST. No, we like pull out issues and structure them for use. You can see problems that are going on.
I'm like, we have all this like really stupid code that tries to match issues and extract things.
I would love to have a general filter on logs, grab any looks like an error and run every single issue through an L M and be like a structure for me.
And it'll do that way better than whatever we have now. It's getting to the point where the economics make that kind of thing.
It will actually work. Yeah. Assuming these economics are real, like we don't know how other guys they are.
Yeah, I do feel like you can now build. You could build companies just assuming like these use cases are going to work out like it's going to get to a cost that you can afford to do stuff.
Maybe it seems to expensive right now, but you can just kind of like skate where the ice is where the puck is going. What is it? I don't skate where the ice is freezing.
Skate where the ice is going or the puck. Oh, God. It's ruining my brain. This conversation. I'm feeling dumber as we go along.
What also sucks is the whole tokens concept because I was looking at the again, this Google Gemini saying I was like, oh, I was like, wow, the toss for token is really cheap.
But then I'm like, wait, but how many tokens would be in an issue? And it's just so unintuitive. Yeah, it's hard to get a feel for what the stuff will actually cost.
OK, I need to not talk about those three many or both these topics. You've been just you just been like, I know what? Yeah, maybe it's just me.
Maybe it's just I haven't been manic for a month and it's very different. This is a different state of being where I'm just a normal person.
I don't know how much I love being normal. I'm trying to love it for everyone's sake, but my brain just feels like it's so slow all the time.
Anyway, you weren't expecting that. Sorry. No, it's funny because this is the thing that I remember Kanye talking about.
He was like, you kind of went to the same thing where obviously bipolar got I mean, he was on medication. So it was more intense. Yeah, and he just like hated how he was and he couldn't do a lot of stuff.
He's obviously more he's obviously more extreme on all the sides, but yeah, I mean, Kanye was pretty similar.
I mean, he's having a manic episode right now. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. And whenever you activate the website. Yeah, it's all the websites. Very cool.
It was very cool. Did he make that in a manic fever pitch? No, but the person that made it replied on Twitter, like, was it a deep dive? And some someone that worked on it was like, Oh, yeah, this is a cool project.
Oh, that's cool. Yeah, no, I don't think I'm having the same effect as like what medication would do. I've heard just the feeling like it changes your personality like you feel like lifeless.
Man, that's not everybody. Obviously, it's different for everybody. But my effect is just like, I feel like I'm waiting through like molasses. I feel like everything I do is just like my brain is moving slowly, if that makes sense.
And just from changes around your routine. Yeah, the main way I can, I can ensure that I don't ever have manic episodes is just sleeping. I can't get out of bed until five.
Until five. Yeah. So if I wake up at four, I lay there for an hour, but like, I'm making sure I'm getting good sleep every night.
The last thing is nobody would say until five as like, that's a wait time to wait. Yeah. Well, I used to go to until five a.m. Yeah.
Just no more four and five hour nights. If I do that, if I sleep seven, eight hours a night, I seem to be able to avoid the mania, which is good. I'm just adjusting.
Here's something we talk about the Super Bowl this weekend. You're so excited. Do you have Super Bowl party? What are you doing? You probably are having Super Bowl party.
I'm just going to work. I'm just going to work. I'm just going to work. Can't ignore it. Here's the thing. Here's the thing about not liking sports. I don't get it. Why don't people. There's a lot of people that don't like sports. And I like, I don't watch football games for six months. I watched the playoffs, but I'm always interested all year round.
And for me, it's the NFL. But I mean, like, broadly, in sports, I think they're so interesting. And it's, it feels like a dying thing. It feels like less and less people care about sports. Like the NBA. Way down. Oh, yeah.
Oh, really? Well, isn't the NFL like on crack? Yeah, it's doing great. No, I don't know. It kind of like lines up with my interest changing. Something happened and a lot of people just kind of like stopped caring about the NBA. I used to just be an NBA fan.
A lot of people stopped caring about the NBA and started liking NFL. I'm not sure exactly. I mean, like, the NFL has always been popular.
I was always very, very casual, not very into sports, but of anything that I like followed a little bit, it was the NBA. And I do feel like there was some point where, like, there's a certain generation of NBA that I just kind of like checked out of.
Yeah.
Is it that people got too good at it? Like, I don't like the generation where everyone was just hitting threes from like half court. That's like kind of when.
It's like a team. We've mastered it. It's done.
I don't know. It's a lot of people feel that way. That's what the NFL did, right? They like obsessively change up the rules to make sure it's entertaining. Yeah.
Yeah. No, baseball is even trying to do that, which good luck. There's no way baseball is ever going to be entertaining.
But like the fact that like half the players literally aren't even sweating, like they're just standing in a field.
I mean, there's just not a lot of ways to dress it up and make it exciting, but that's baseball. Yeah, the basketball, I think basketball ratings are down like 40% this year.
That's crazy. Wow. Which is insane. I mean, but yeah, you're the way you're describing it feels very similar with my timeline where it's just like around that Steph Curry Warriors area.
It just kind of like lost its luster for me. And I don't know why I enjoyed watching the Warriors for a long time when they were first getting good and then it just kind of like the whole league.
The players move around a lot. I don't know if that's it. I don't know what's different. And I don't know why. I think the NFL thing I just like I've always been a cheese sand and Patrick Mahomes is like amazing.
So I think that is why I started getting into the NFL, but I couldn't quite pin. Why did I stop caring about basketball?
But I do have an interesting thought about sports, a pitch for why you should care about sports. They're super interesting on a lot of levels.
And I feel like people who either. I don't know. I don't know what this crowd is. That's like, that's never been interested. And then there's people that like you that were interested in art.
They made me not saving. Maybe there's no way I can save you. But I have this interesting thought the other night in my sleep.
I have a lot of those like where I'm thinking in my sleep. Do you ever do that? The thought was, it wasn't a dream, but it was just like all the little cracks of your night, you know, like when you when you come to you're like thinking about a thing.
I'm just laughing at the amount of build up this. Oh, yeah. It's not that good of a thought.
You're going on like a million tangents. Oh, it's so true. Okay. Well, the thought was so like Jordan in the Bulls in the 90s.
They're going for their second three feet, which is like from like a sports fan and like person who cares about the game that's being played.
It's like this monumental thing and historically, obviously like Michael Jordan's a legend. This is like all just like entrenched in culture, right, is this thing that he did.
They won two three Pete's, but like it almost didn't happen because some guy that ran the team just like had an ego problem and just like didn't want them getting all good.
Like we mostly in the last dance. Yeah, yeah. It's the plot of the last dance. Yeah. So it's super interesting to think like all because the Chiefs now we're getting ready to do this potentially thing on Sunday where they can maybe win three in a row and the NFL has never
happened. And it's like the teams, like the players and the coaches and the fans are kind of like all aligned on this idea that we use like the winning and the records and the like history and the Hall of Fame and all of that.
Like the legend of it. Yeah. And then like there's this other half that because like none of that it makes money. Then there's this other half that has like actually make money.
It's such a like CEO CTO dynamic or something. It's like there's this whole other half of people that wear suits every day and they figure out how to make money from it.
And they can be incompetent. They can have egos. They can there could be money issues and all these other things that threaten to like completely derail the thing that like everyone else cares so much about. Does that make sense?
I don't even know what that thought is. It's just like, it's a collection of thoughts. I need you to rein it in for me. I think what you're describing is there is a like sports provide a crazy opportunity for like good dramatic stories to emerge.
That's it. Yeah. Yeah. It's like all these like interesting, intricate stories beyond what is literally happening on the court.
I think a lot of these things are hard to see in a moment. I think we advice for me. Maybe for I've really tuned in. You're on top of this stuff. But for me, it's mostly on the retrospectives that explain all this that are really interesting.
So that's why all those documentaries are really popular. I think drive to survive was probably the first one that really is that the like tapped into this. That's one. Yeah. Okay. Cause like, it's exactly describing. There's like a crazy level of drama and detail going behind the scenes.
Exactly. We were saying beyond the people racing, but also the engineers, but also the finance little side of it. Also, these teams are being bought. Also, there's like all these like histories with these people. So it's really, really interesting.
So I totally understand that part of it, but not every sports fan is describing this part of it. Right. I think a lot of people just like watching what's happening on the field. No, sure.
Yeah. I'm not, I'm not saying that like this is a reason to be a sports fan or that the average horse fan cares about any of that. It's just an interesting like push and pull that it seems like the thing that should be most important when you're caught up in it as a fan.
Like that should be the important thing, but it's really, yeah, it's very easily like undermined by the realities of the world. There's some metaphor in there. There's something about how the world works. Yeah.
It's like we can't just have nice things. There's the cost to everything. The F one thing is especially funny because there are amazing F one races. They're like really, truly thrilling F one races, but the average F one race, especially like when like Mercedes was so good, like it was extremely boring.
You were just like every, you watch it race like hoping it was for one of those exciting ones and then two hours later, you're like, yeah, the people that were in first second third just stayed in first. I guess the whole time.
But then it's the juxtaposition with what's going on behind the scenes. It's like a million times more entertaining. Like you don't even care what's happening on the track. It's just this.
Other stuff. And I think what's happening here is. I guess the phrase reality TV has like a negative connotation, but oh, interesting. That category of thing is extremely appealing. Like every single person whether denied or not likes something under the umbrella of reality TV.
And I think sports has recognized that and they're like tapping into that. So everything you described, it's about like the reality that's happening behind it and like telling it in a dramatized way.
But they're and I would say like almost all TV and content is is this now, you know, I feel like so much of it is under the umbrella.
I watched the show, my background show for the past few months now. Did I tell you about this? The the the yachting one? No. Okay. So when I look for TV shows, my number one criteria is give me the one that has like the most number of episodes.
The more episodes of better because it's like a background thing for me. So if I walk into one, I don't have to like re research for a while. I do show. Yeah.
So I found the show called below deck. And the main series is still going on. There was like 13 seasons or something. And it has like four other spin off series.
And it is the perfect formula. So it's all about these mega yachts. So like some of the biggest yachts you can get that are publicly rentable. So they do charters.
And it follows the crew around through each charter and the crew has all this drama with each other. And it's a captain who's always like this.
Great leadership figure that's like dealing with all this. There's a crew bigger with each other. And every episode, a new that a guest come on.
And they do a charter. So there's always like something new. But it's also a consistent pattern. So everything up. So if you know, it's going to start with them playing the charter.
It's going to be most of them doing the charter at the end. They then they go out and party once a charter is done for night. And then they do it all over again.
The consistent format back and forth. And it's just one super interesting for me to like, I like know so much about like this industry now. Like I know the terms like I think I could maybe even like get a yacht parked.
At this point. And it's always drama with just like, Oh, no, like they hit another boat. And it's like a huge deal.
And then like the crew. They hit other boats that that happens. Yeah, it's really bad. It's like, it's funny because like sometimes it looks like they're going so slow.
And it's like, how does that even matter? But they're just so heavy that the amount of energy transferred with any collision is huge.
Then the crew is always hooking up with each other. And that's like creating a crazy amount of like, you know, social drama.
And then they all get drunk at the end when the charter is over and they go out and that creates a bunch of dramatic situations. And I just have this.
They have below deck. They have below deck Mediterranean. It's all Mediterranean man below deck down under. It's all in Australia.
The captain from down under is crazy good looking. So then every single charter guest is just like, whoa, you see the captain? He's so hot. And all the crew members are like, man, I want to hook up with the captain.
But then he's just a family guy that wants to get back to his daughter in Thailand, but he can't get back there because it's COVID and they don't like a country.
And all he wants to do is, is, you know, get back to her. He's in care about all this stuff. Yeah.
So there you go. That was amazing. I'm kind of convinced you've sold me. I don't know about boats, but that kind of watch.
The larger point is this category is always going to be compelling. And you can just take the formula and focus on any part of the world. And it'll probably do well.
So is it does it tie in with like, I know they say the zoomers really value authenticity? Is that reality TV or no? I feel like reality TV is not real.
Always, ironically. I think, yeah, I think reality TV is definitely extremely staged, very edited to like make certain areas look like they happened.
But it is more real than the scripted show at the end of the day. It's like, yeah, you know, I guess what I'm asking is like, is it just, is it our generation do millennials enjoy reality TV or is it like universally.
I think our generation was the first one to really pick this off, right? Like Jersey Shore. That was like a huge reality show when I was growing up.
So I wonder if it evolves into even more reality where it's like unedited. Just, I guess that's what YouTube and Twitch are.
So I mean, there's all people that do that on YouTube that show their lives and it's basically that same category. I was listening to an interview. There's a woman that made this documentary about.
So there's a whole segment on YouTube about where it's like families, like families that just show every aspect of their life and like their kids and everything.
Yeah, and there's like the audience for this is huge, like millions and millions of people like their family or it's like a mix. It's like it's just the whole thing.
They're showing is like their family's lives and like, Oh, we're having a new baby. And then this is like little Bobby and he's having trouble with this and here's him playing and it's just, it's like, it's their job, like these families, this is their business.
They make money off of this type of thing. And it's really confusing because are those kids child laborers because they're effectively working like if you made a scripted TV show, you'd have to hire a child actor.
And there's like all this stuff around it, but it's like a small business. It's like they're running their own business and it's like their own family working on it. And there's not like any kind of interesting.
It's just that they're on their own and then it's so new that we don't know if these kids are going to grow up and be like this is the most fucked up thing and like, yeah, they shouldn't be allowed.
Yeah, like even worse than child stars.
So there's there's a documentary on, I'm not going to watch documentary, but I just watched an interview with the person that made it and she kind of summarizes story.
So one of these families, they're all like us, they're all looking at their metrics, their analytics, and they know they just getting crazy feedback on what works.
People like this type of content, people like when this kind of thing happens. One of the biggest things that drives viewers is when you have a new baby.
They're like, they decide to adopt a child from China.
And like they took crazy degree. I don't know what happened. I don't know if they have a lot of trouble with this with the child they adopted, but they after like two or three years, they dissolve the adoption, which is like really.
That's like really crazy.
Like you did it for the ratings or no, no, no, so they effectively, it seems like they may be adopted in for the ratings. I'm sure it wasn't like that clear cut.
But that's what I mean. Yeah. And then they're like, okay, we're done with you. Thank you. Like we kind of want to do this, but I'm sure there were extra motivated by the fact that, you know, all their viewers will do it, do it, do it, do it.
And then they just couldn't deal with it. And they had to do that. And obviously when everyone heard about that, they got like demolished demolished, demolished, demolished, I think.
So it's just this crazy. Yeah. So like we just live in a world where that's like a type of content that exists and that kind of stuff is happening. So, yeah, I think reality is just.
Like the most thrilling form of entertainment for everyone as much as we have to deny it.
I mean, to tie back to the sports thing, I love when they do the like miked up, like when you can see what they actually say to each other on the field.
They should just do down the broadcast. Just tell players like, listen, you're going to be on the broadcast. Everything you say is going out to the world.
And then just like, let's accept that they're going to say some things. Maybe put a tape delay so you can bleep out the worst stuff.
But like, wouldn't that be so entertaining if during a sporting event, all the players had mics and you could hear everything they say? That'd be way better.
I just love hearing the, you know, sometimes I always think about this where usually the shot of the NBA game is like from a camera, like up top.
But like you can hear the squeaking all the time. Yeah. I'm like, Oh, like they have a separate mic that's like just by the courts just to play the squeaking.
I can't hear really say stuff. Not very well. Yeah. That's a good point. It's like, yeah. So the whole thing is kind of made up to begin with.
It's a mezzled though there. Hey, can we do a sponsor break while I pee? 40 minutes. That's how it takes me to pee or how it takes me.
Did you drink any water? I've been drinking water in coffee the whole time. I don't know if you've not been watching me, but I'll be right back.
Yeah. All right, everyone. This is Adam's pea break sponsor time. We're sponsored by terminal dot shop.
I don't know if that counts as sponsor because it's their own company, but it is something that you should consider checking out.
It is a coffee shop that's entirely accessed through your terminal, SSH terminal dot shop in your terminal hit enter and you'll get a pretty cool experience.
If you don't want to buy coffee, you should go check it out just because it's so cool. Also follow the Twitter because we do a lot of stuff that is just fun.
If you're a developer, we got so many things planned for this year. Twitter handle is terminal dot shop. Help us out. Check it out.
Did you sell terminal so hard? I think I did an okay job.
Good job. Way to go. I tried. You tried. That's all that matters. Participation. So 2025. It's there's like a thing in the air. There's like a vibe shift.
Have you felt it? Sort of. I don't know. Maybe. Okay. To be honest, I haven't felt it. I've just heard people say there is that I should feel it.
So I think people are manifesting. They're like, yeah, they wanted to be true. Yeah, it was mostly Mark Andreessen, I think on Lex.
But he did make it sound like tech was about to explode. Do you think techs like, are we on an upswing or downswing? I never know. Feels like we're back and forth on whether it's in the world.
I have no idea. I wouldn't really trust. I think Mark Andreessen said ever since he fell off that wall. Wait, what fell off a wall? Yeah, that's sorry. No. What? No. He sat on a wall and then he had a great fall.
Humpty Dumpty? What? Yes. Is that like, is Mark Andreessen known as Humpty Dumpty? Did I not know this? How are you not getting the joke?
I don't get the joke. Oh, my God. It was a personal appearance insult. Okay. Well, I didn't go there. Okay. No, he does. Okay. I see it.
Wait, do you not? Yeah. What do you think about Mark Andreessen? Please tell me because sometimes I think like, man, this person is so smart and I get really into them and then I find out, oh, actually they're a jerk. Never mind. Don't like them.
I don't like Mark Andreessen at all. I think he's a, I think his VC is actually really incompetent. I don't know anything about their like track record. I know they're invested in all the big ones, but like, if you invest in everything, then you're obviously you're invested in all the big ones.
I think they just had a, they just grew as much as possible and they're in every single deal. So they have a lot of sway, but every single Andreessen Horowitz partner I've come across has been like really stupid in a very specific way.
Can you please tell me what this is? There's like, there's like infinite event. Like, if you look on Twitter, like anytime you see a VC talking, you look them up, something at a 16 Z. So I just think they're just really large.
They have this classic, there's always organizations like this. They are viewed as prestigious, but they actually have a lot of people working there and everyone thinks they're like the shit.
And they speak from this like position of wisdom, but I generally find them to like kind of be stupid.
Like they're all their endeavors in crypto were like really, really weird and kind of dumb.
So now that you said that, I go to the website, the 16 Z dot com, and like, I'm completely out. I'm out. I thought I kind of like Mark Andreessen from the podcast episode. Nope.
They're their website. I don't know what this gold thing is. I don't know what this coin, whatever, what I'm looking at, but just I'm out. That was enough.
Just what you just said. I do love Ben Horowitz, though. I will say I really like Ben Horowitz. So this is my conflict with it.
So the other half, tell me who has been Horowitz. I know Andreessen's story, Netscape, all that. What is?
Have you read the beginning of hard things about hard things? Yeah, I think so.
That's Ben Horowitz's book. But the beginning of it, like the first third is like such an entertaining read. It's about like the complete hell he was in with his company that he built.
Yeah. Wait, I do know this story. Yeah. I really like him. I think he's a guy. What did he do? What did he do? I don't even remember. It's just like it wasn't nothing that like stuck around something that's sold to VMware or something.
Netscape didn't stick around either. Did it? Yeah. So I just, I don't know. I'm just not into.
I just find Mark Andreessen kind of annoying. So yeah, that that frames that does frame a lot of all of what I just experienced on that podcast.
Like I said, none of these people are at the end of the day. Like we're talking about people in the top X percent. So they're not stupid.
When I said they're stupid, like, I'm not like they're literally stupid. Yeah, no. I just don't find a specific way. Is that a thing you can articulate?
Yeah, I think they have that. Okay. So actually, there's a very clear metric for me. I have been more and more seeing politics as like this drug that just like can fuck you up.
And I see a lot of them get have, I feel like a lot of them have been really like they all got like hit by it and they let themselves get affected by it.
So to me, that's like, you know, I just like pull you one notch down if you're like, if you just kind of got infected by this virus that has been hitting people.
And I've been seeing like in the world of smart people, there are people that get affected by it and people that don't.
And I could have never predicted who was on which side. I'm really surprised by some people that I thought would never be impacted by something like this.
Like they just infected them and they can't like see stuff through any other lens. So that is a crazy political view of like everything that they're doing.
I think a lot of it is a little bit like role playing. I think they have kind of this fantasy view of how like chaotic things are and like what their position is in the world.
Yeah, this is helping me frame the episode. I just listened to a whole lot. That helps. Okay. I just need you to tell me how to think that's all.
I'm easily impressionable. Like the last person I listened to is the person I agree with. So as long as you're always the last person, then you can help me stay away from the and reasons the world.
I mean, to be honest, I think that's true for me too, because like I said, these people aren't dumb. Like none of the people are dumb.
So when they talk, they sound pretty good. Sounds very smart. Yeah. And I feel the same way. My solution is I just don't listen to anything.
Oh, that's a great idea. I just don't look at any podcast. I don't consume any of these people. Yeah. Okay. I just, yeah. Like I said, this is an extension of my thing of wanting to be someone's a peer.
That's kind of what's driving me. It's like, I don't want to just be a little subscriber to these people's thoughts. Yeah, because then it makes it hard.
You have to like undo stuff to have your own thoughts. Yeah. There's some amount of value, right? There's some amount of value of being well read and like understanding a lot of these things, but yeah, it just cuts both ways.
I posted a tweet the other day. They went crazy viral also about how I found it so interesting that the founding fathers were like so accomplished.
They like, you know, fought a war. They're all pretty young. They live in a time where like, I think I just put them out a tweet. Like, if you got diarrhea and you get water, you could die.
They were like that, that intense. But then they also were like crazy gifted at deep philosophical thought and understanding all these like really counterintuitive things that just, you just don't understand it.
Like most people just do not understand things that like really take a lot of introspection and understanding to the comes to conclusion. They like wrote that into the Constitution.
Like how like what? How do these people all randomly exist together? And like, I like never see people like that. What's the answer? Yeah, I gotta know. How did that?
I mean, some people, a lot of people just said like, you know, obviously these are all like wealthy individuals. So a lot of their upbringing was just reading eight hours a day, like, and not like reading the pop science book of the week.
It was all reading like stuff that survived for 2000 years, like all the classics and all that. So I, and they're just really well trained in a lot of those things, which maybe isn't as common now.
You just don't get is you just don't get that from listening to something like a podcast. Yeah, like for an idea, like a book to literally serve a thought to survive from like ancient Greece to like our modern time.
It had to be like a really, really good. Like almost like that mark and recent podcast. Is anyone listen to that in 2000 years? Oh, right. Probably not.
I think that's there's like something to be said for that. It's, it's like, I mean, this is a word says this what this word means infotainment. It's like, yeah, it's just entertainment, but it's kind of dressed up in like this intellectual rapper.
That makes you feel smart. Yeah, it makes me a little bit better. Yeah. Yeah. That's why for me, reality TV, I'm just going to like not pretend.
There's nothing I'm watching below tech. There's nothing. Yeah, there's nothing about that size at all. Yeah, I know in my head why I'm consuming it.
Okay. Well, now we can't ever say anything smart on this podcast because I don't want people to be listening to infotainment when they listen to us.
You know, no, this is entertainment. There's entertainment. There's nothing. Yeah, this podcast is not going to last for 2000 years. No, it's really not.
Yeah, like, I think just going back to some of those things. It's a, I find a lot of stuff with the law to be really counterintuitive because it's not like law is something that's really an event.
We all naturally have instincts around justice and revenge and vengeance and all this. And a lot of ways law is there to like counteract all of our instincts around how we think we should make the world safe.
And it requires such deep, it's so like, I'm struggling with the right word for it. It's like, you have to go past all of your instincts to really come up with the right way to structure our laws and our criminal system and how we like run our society.
Yeah. And I just don't understand how you were able to do that in the 1700s. It just seems so impossible. People can't do that now. Yeah, right. It's wild.
It is wild. It's interesting. You said this glitch. Just started on a podcast. Somebody talking about this idea of how brilliant our founding fathers were and just like the Constitution and everything that they kind of thought ahead of, like the actual brilliance of it.
Yeah. So now I just, I still feel a little unfulfilled. I want to know the answer as to why these people existed because I. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I can think of examples that kind of highlight this. So the boss of massacre is a big one. So you have the situation where there's increasing friction between the colonies and the British.
And there's like a gathering and British soldiers just like shoot a bunch of people and kill them. Okay. So you imagine what the reaction of that is going to be like it's not like the British or minority there.
So obviously all the people in colonies are going to like go and hang them immediately. Like fuck these guys. They just killed a bunch of our people. Yeah. Escaling tensions.
Of course, it's going to turn into mob mob justice. But I think it was a James Madison. I forgot who it was.
He like intervened and was like, no, we need to have to process. We need to like have a trial for them. We need to do everything by the book.
And ultimately, like, yeah, they weren't. I think they were executed, but he like forced that to happen and like think about how crazy stuff gets now. Like anything political, like how proud that people get.
Yeah, for someone to like have that clarity is incredible that to happen at all. And he like writes about it too. Like why like why is that even important? He has this really great argument.
This is like again borrowed from stuff that's been around like a hundred years ago in England. Like he like references all this stuff. And the point he makes is, of course, we're always going to have evil in the world.
There's always going to be crime that happens. But if people start to believe that being innocent isn't enough to keep me safe, you end up in a really bad place.
So people are like, Oh, I know I'm innocent, but the government can just come and grab me and throw me in jail anyway and being innocent isn't enough.
So his whole point is having stuff like due process, like the symbol of making sure that everyone gets set no matter how obviously there is a committed crime. It helps people believe that being innocent is enough.
Like as long as I'm innocent and I do the right things and I live a virtuous life, I will be fine. If you lose that, they're like, fuck it. I don't care. I'm like going to get oppressed anyway. Like who cares about that.
So like that's such a complex. So smart. Second order effects that I think they even think about. And to like have that back then. Also, he was like in his 20s, like I think when this was going down.
Yeah.
Don't understand. It's why it's incredible. It really feels like what was in the audience or like touched by divinity or like some kind of crazy intervention that happened.
Maybe they just weren't distracted by Twitter. And that was, that was, I mean, that was another big part. And was like, yeah, we're just staring at our phones all day.
That sucks.
Yeah, it seems like because we have the internet, like we'd be able to find all these brilliant people and put them more information.
Like, which I think does happen. It does happen, I guess.
Yeah, why? I need to, I need to find more resources. I've just found your tweet and it's just ask the question. I need answers.
Maybe next week I'll have found something. There's got to be a Wikipedia article or something that explains why people are so smart.
What are people so smart? Yeah, I don't know. I think it's just a double edged thing. Like we have a lot more information and that doesn't mean the total number of information that is useful has gone up.
So it's possible that everything that we needed to know would already existed in the 1700s.
Oh, yeah. And there's just less distractions. Okay, we'll go with that. All right. All right. That's been an hour.
Yeah. Are we in a funk? Is this a podcast funk? Are we too busy with other things?
No, I don't think so. I think maybe the last couple episodes, but I think we have our waves and I think we're in the funk, but I think we're okay.
Apologies to those that listen to the end. You're the OGs.
Sorry for not giving it our best.
Can we just waste some time?
No, I think like there have been periods of my career, not my career. There have been periods of the last few years where I was like trying to make content, if you will.
I don't know if this podcast was ever like trying to make content, but I think during those periods, like when I'm streaming and I'm doing stuff that's like just talking to people.
I think I'm probably a little more in the headspace. And then there's periods where I'm just like programming a lot.
And that's like this period and it's just hard to like shift the context into talk on a podcast.
I mean, the social muscle is like a real thing, like it atrophies when you're not flexing and I got the same thing.
My social muscle has atrophied because it's really not about like the podcast. It's just like talking to you.
My ability to like have a good conversation with you is atrophied because I'm not flexing my social muscles on that note.
It feels like it's been forever since I've seen the terminal team. Like we haven't done anything in person in forever.
Is April the first time I'll see you guys, I guess? React Miami?
Yeah. I mean, not if I confirm that you're going to be able to go. Like that's what I kind of determined about last week.
React Miami? Did you talk to us about that?
I'm sorry if I didn't confirm.
No, I was mentioned last week. I wasn't sure.
Okay. Yeah, I'm definitely obviously asked the wives and confirmed and all that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I have. Well, April's far enough away. I maybe haven't. I'll talk to Casey.
But I mean, April's far enough away. There's nothing we're going to have on schedule. So, yeah.
Anyway, well, Casey, you're probably listening. So just we're going to react Miami.
And anyway, okay, I'm going to get off here.
You should bring the whole family.
I should. I would love to, actually, as soon as we can talk our five year old and again on a plane again.
He decides he hates planes. Yeah. And on that note, we'll see you.
Yeah.
(upbeat music)